The following railroads, almost all radiating from downtown, were built in the mid-19th century:  Philadelphia is known for distinctive food  Philadelphia still gets many immigrants and has a large Italian American population along with Irish-Americans, Asian-Americans, and growing numbers of Hispanic residents and \u00e9migr\u00e9s from Russia and Asian countries.	The following railroads, almost all radiating from downtown, were built in the mid-19th century:  Philadelphia is known for distinctive food  Philadelphia has a large Italian American population along with Irish-Americans, Asian-Americans, and growing numbers of Hispanic residents and \u00e9migr\u00e9s from Russia and Asian countries.
In fact, the \"Italian Market\" section of South Philadelphia is home to a growing number of Vietnamese residents.	For example, the \"Italian Market\" section of South Philadelphia is home to an increasing number of Vietnamese residents.
The following railroads, almost all radiating from downtown, were built in the mid-19th century:  Philadelphia is known for distinctive food  Philadelphia has a large Italian American population along with Irish-Americans, Asian-Americans, and growing numbers of Hispanic residents and \u00e9migr\u00e9s from Russia and Asian countries.	The following railroads, almost all radiating from downtown, were built in the mid-19th century:  Philadelphia is known for distinctive food  Philadelphia has a large Italian American population along with Irish-Americans, Asian-Americans, African Americans, and growing numbers of Hispanic residents and \u00e9migr\u00e9s from Russia and Asian countries.
"\"This article refers to the largest city of Pennsylvania.	"\"This article refers to the most-populous city of Pennsylvania.
For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (often referred to as \"Philly\") is the sixth-largest city in the United States and the largest city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (often referred to as \"Philly\") is the sixth-most-populous city in the United States and the most-populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
During part of the 18th century, the city was the second capital and then-largest city of the United States.	During part of the 18th century, the city was the second capital and then-most-populous city of the United States.
Since the completion of One Liberty Place, no Philadelphia sporting team has won a world championship event in its respective discipline, a phenomenon locally - and increasingly nationally - known as the \"Curse of Billy Penn.\" There is also a Masonic Temple located only a few blocks from the City Hall, a legacy of the Founding Fathers and signers of the Declaration of Independence, many of whom were Freemasons.	Since the completion of One Liberty Place, no Philadelphia sporting team has won a world championship event in its discipline, a phenomenon locally - and increasingly nationally - known as the \"Curse of Billy Penn.\" There is also a Masonic Temple located only a few blocks from the City Hall, a legacy of the Founding Fathers and signers of the Declaration of Independence, many of whom were Freemasons.
WOW this is cool.	"\"This article refers to the most-populous city of Pennsylvania.
In 1669, Swedish colonists became the first Europeans to settle the area (see New Sweden).	In 1669, Swedish colonists became the first Europeans to settle the area (see New Sweden), calling it Wicoca.
These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.	These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Wynnefield,Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.
For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (often referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-most-populous city in the United States and the most-populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (nicknamed \"Philly\") is the fifth-largest city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
As of the 2000 census, the population was 1,517,550; a July 1, 2002 census estimate showed the population dropping modestly to 1,492,231.	As of the 2000 census, the population was 1,517,550.
For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (nicknamed \"Philly\") is the fifth-largest city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (often referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-most-populous in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (often referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-most-populous in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-largest city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-largest city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Filthadelphia\") is the fifth-most-populous evil city in the United States and the most populous evil city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
As of the 2000 census, the population was 1,517,550.	As of the 2000 census, the population was 17.
A July 1, 2002 census estimate showed the population dropping modestly to 1,492,231, but the Philadelphia metropolitan area retains its fourth-place position nationally, with some 5.7 million people.	A July 1, 2002 census estimate showed the population dropping modestly to 3.5, but the evil Philadelphia metropolitan area retains its fourth-place position nationally, with some 20 or so people.
Philadelphia is one of the oldest cities in the United States.	Philadelphia is one of the oldest evil cities in the United States.
It has played a critical role in American history and the birth of American independence and democracy.	It has played a critical role in the satanic American history and the birth of American Hipocracy and Fanaticism.
During part of the 18th century, the city was the second capital and then-most-populous city of the United States.	During part of the 18th century, the city was the second capital and then-most-populous evil city of the United States.
At that time, it eclipsed Boston and New York City in political and social importance, with Benjamin Franklin playing an extraordinary role in Philadelphia's rise.	At that time, it eclipsed Boston and New York City in political and social santanism, with Benjamin Franklin playing an extraordinary role in Philadelphia's rise.
Philadelphia is the central city for the Delaware Valley metropolitan area.	Philadelphia is the central evil city for the Delaware Valley metropolitan area.
For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Filthadelphia\") is the fifth-most-populous evil city in the United States and the most populous evil city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
As of the 2000 census, the population was 17.	As of the 2000 census, the population was 1,517,550.
A July 1, 2002 census estimate showed the population dropping modestly to 3.5, but the evil Philadelphia metropolitan area retains its fourth-place position nationally, with some 20 or so people.	A July 1, 2002 census estimate showed the population dropping modestly to 1,492,231, but the Philadelphia metropolitan area retains its fourth-place position nationally, with some 5.7 million people.
Philadelphia is one of the oldest evil cities in the United States.	Philadelphia is one of the oldest cities in the United States.
It has played a critical role in the satanic American history and the birth of American Hipocracy and Fanaticism.	It has played a critical role in American history and the birth of American independence and democracy.
During part of the 18th century, the city was the second capital and then-most-populous evil city of the United States.	During part of the 18th century, the city was the second capital and then-most-populous city of the United States.
At that time, it eclipsed Boston and New York City in political and social santanism, with Benjamin Franklin playing an extraordinary role in Philadelphia's rise.	At that time, it eclipsed Boston and New York City in political and social importance, with Benjamin Franklin playing an extraordinary role in Philadelphia's rise.
Philadelphia is the central evil city for the Delaware Valley metropolitan area.	Philadelphia is the central city for the Delaware Valley metropolitan area.
At that time, it eclipsed Boston and New York City in political and social importance, with Benjamin Franklin playing an extraordinary role in Philadelphia's rise.	At that time, it eclipsed fuck Boston and New York City in political and social importance, with Benjamin Franklin playing an extraordinary role in Philadelphia's rise.
At that time, it eclipsed fuck Boston and New York City in political and social importance, with Benjamin Franklin playing an extraordinary role in Philadelphia's rise.	At that time, it eclipsed Boston and New York City in political and social importance, with Benjamin Franklin playing an extraordinary role in Philadelphia's rise.
PATCO provides light rail service to Camden, Collingswood, Haddonfield, Cherry Hill, Ashland, and Lindenwold, New Jersey, from stations on Locust Street between 16th and 15th, 13th and 12th, and 10th and 9th Streets, and on Market Street at 8th Street.	PATCO provides subways service to Camden, Collingswood, Haddonfield, Cherry Hill, Ashland, and Lindenwold, New Jersey, from stations on Locust Street between 16th and 15th, 13th and 12th, and 10th and 9th Streets, and on Market Street at 8th Street.
"texas rocks!!	See also:\"Philadelphia in film and television\"  "
For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\"   Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
See also:\"Philadelphia in film and television\"  "	See also:\"Philadelphia in film and television\"  Find a date in Pennsylvania: \u2642 \u00a0 \u2640  "
See also:\"Philadelphia in film and television\"  Find a date in Pennsylvania: \u2642 \u00a0 \u2640  "	See also:\"Philadelphia in film and television\"  "
Two airports, Philadelphia International Airport and Northeast Philadelphia Airport, reside within the city limits.	Two airports, Philadelphia International Airport and Northeast Philadelphia Airport, reside within the city limits (Philadelphia International also lies in the city limits of Tinicum Township, Delaware County).
\"See also: List of people from Philadelphia\"     Colleges and universities in the vicinity of Philadelphia include Bryn Mawr College and Rosemont College located in Bryn Mawr; Haverford College; and Villanova University, located in Villanova, all three located northwest of Philadelphia on the Pennsylvania Main Line; Swarthmore College, located in Swarthmore; and Widener University, located in Chester.	Colleges and universities in the vicinity of Philadelphia include Bryn Mawr College and Rosemont College located in Bryn Mawr; Haverford College; and Villanova University, located in Villanova, all three located northwest of Philadelphia on the Pennsylvania Main Line; Swarthmore College, located in Swarthmore; and Widener University, located in Chester.
"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\") is the sixth-most-populous city in the United States (recently passed by Phoenix, Arizona in 2004) and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\") is the sixth-most-populous city in the United States (recently passed by Phoenix, Arizona in 2004) and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
Colleges and universities in the vicinity of Philadelphia include Bryn Mawr College and Rosemont College located in Bryn Mawr; Haverford College; and Villanova University, located in Villanova, all three located northwest of Philadelphia on the Pennsylvania Main Line; Swarthmore College, located in Swarthmore; and Widener University, located in Chester.	Colleges and universities in the vicinity of Philadelphia include Bryn Mawr College and Rosemont College located in Bryn Mawr; Haverford College; and Villanova University, located in Villanova, all three located northwest of Philadelphia on the Pennsylvania Main Line; Swarthmore College, located in Swarthmore; Widener University, located in Chester, and the University of Delaware, located just outside the state of Pennsylvania in Newark.
The Free Library of Philadelphia  Philadelphia has a long and proud history of professional sports teams.	Colleges and universities near Philadelphia include  The Free Library of Philadelphia  Philadelphia has a long and proud history of professional sports teams.
Artists ranging from the R&B styles of Jill Scott and Patti LaBelle, to the Jazz of Grover Washington Jr. and Stan Getz.	Artists range from the R&B styles of Jill Scott and Patti LaBelle, to the jazz of Grover Washington Jr. and Stan Getz, to the rock of Pink and the opera of Marian Anderson.
A congregation was formed in 1646 on Tinicum Island by Swedish missionary Johannes Campanius.	He was re-elected by a larger majority in 2003.
The city's name means \"city of brotherly love\" in ancient Greek.	During part of the 18th century, the city was the second capital and then-most-populous city of the United States.
This was intended to allow the city's population to leave the city easily.	As of the 2000 census, the population was 1,517,550.
Philadelphia was a major center of the independence movement during the American Revolutionary War.	It has played a critical role in American history and the birth of American independence and democracy.
Memorial Hall and the expansive mall in front of it are remnants of this fair.	Both are the same distance south of City Hall.
Penn's surveyor, Thomas Holme, laid out the city in a strict grid, with all streets running either north-south or east-west.	<br clear=all>  Penn's surveyor, Thomas Holme, laid out the city in a strict grid, with all streets running either north-south or east-west.
<br clear=all>  Penn's surveyor, Thomas Holme, laid out the city in a strict grid, with all streets running either north-south or east-west.	Penn's surveyor, Thomas Holme, laid out the city in a strict grid, with all streets running either north-south or east-west.
The Wachovia Spectrum is now home to the Flyers' top farm team, the Phantoms and Kixx.	The Wachovia Spectrum is now home to the Flyers' top farm team, the Phantoms and the Major League Indoor soccer team, the Kixx.
These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Wynnefield,Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.	These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Wynnefield,Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.
The following railroads, almost all radiating from downtown, were built in the mid-19th century:  Philadelphia is known for distinctive food  Philadelphia has a large Italian American population along with Irish-Americans, Asian-Americans, African Americans, and growing numbers of Hispanic residents and \u00e9migr\u00e9s from Russia and Asian countries.	The following railroads, almost all radiating from downtown, were built in the mid-19th century:  Distinctive Philadelphian dishes include:  Philadelphia has a large Italian American population along with Irish-Americans, Asian-Americans, African Americans, and growing numbers of Hispanic residents and \u00e9migr\u00e9s from Russia and Asian countries.
For example, the \"Italian Market\" section of South Philadelphia is home to an increasing number of Vietnamese residents.	The \"Italian Market\" section of South Philadelphia is home to an increasing number of Vietnamese residents.
The incumbent is former Philadelphia City Council President John Street (D), who was first elected in 1999.	The incumbent is former Philadelphia City Council President mickey mouse (D), who was first elected in 1999.
The incumbent is former Philadelphia City Council President mickey mouse (D), who was first elected in 1999.	The incumbent is former Philadelphia City Council President John Street (D), who was first elected in 1999.
At that time, it eclipsed Boston and New York City in political and social importance, with Benjamin Franklin playing an extraordinary role in Philadelphia's rise.	At that time, it eclipsed Boston and New York City in political and social importance, with Benjamin Franklin playing an extraordinary role in Philadelphia's stephanie likes looking at Gorillas rise.
At that time, it eclipsed Boston and New York City in political and social importance, with Benjamin Franklin playing an extraordinary role in Philadelphia's stephanie likes looking at Gorillas rise.	At that time, it eclipsed Boston and New York City in political and social importance, with Benjamin Franklin playing an extraordinary role in Philadelphia's rise.
\"See also: List of people from Philadelphia\"  Philadelphia has been home to many people of note, the most famous of whom is probably Ben Franklin, who along with the others in the Continental Congresses helped shape the city along with the country and the world.	Philadelphia has been home to many people of note, the most famous of whom is probably Ben Franklin, who along with the others in the Continental Congresses helped shape the city along with the country and the world.
For a time in the 18th century, Philadelphia was the largest city in the Americas north of Mexico City, and second only to London in size in the British Empire.	For a time in the 18th century, Philadelphia was the largest city in the Americas north of Mexico City, and was the fourth largest city under Crown rule (after London, Bristol, and Dublin).
A July 1, 2002 census estimate showed the population dropping modestly to 1,492,231, but the Philadelphia metropolitan area retains its fourth-place position nationally, with some 5.7 million people.	A July 1, 2002 census estimate showed the population dropping modestly to 1,492,231, with Phoenix, Arizona surpassing the city proper as the 5th largest city in the United States, but the Philadelphia metropolitan area retains its fourth-place position nationally, with some 5.7 million people.
Since the completion of One Liberty Place, no Philadelphia sporting team has won a world championship event in its discipline, a phenomenon locally - and increasingly nationally - known as the \"Curse of Billy Penn.\" There is also a Masonic Temple located only a few blocks from the City Hall, a legacy of the Founding Fathers and signers of the Declaration of Independence, many of whom were Freemasons.	Since the completion of One Liberty Place, no Philadelphia sporting team has won a world championship event in its discipline, a phenomenon locally - and increasingly nationally - known as the \"Curse of Billy Penn.\" There is also a Masonic Temple located only across the street from the City Hall, a legacy of the Founding Fathers and signers of the Declaration of Independence, many of whom were Freemasons.
"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\") is the sixth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the sixth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
\"The Park,\" \"The Zit,\" \"The Vault\" or in a Freudian error, \"The Vet\").	\"The Park,\" \"The Zit,\" \"The Vault\" or in a Freudian error, \"The Vet\", from the Eagles' and Phillies' last home, Veterans Stadium).
The Roosevelt Boulevard and Expressway (US 1) is a major avenue connecting the Northeast region of Philadelphia with the Downtown.	The Roosevelt Boulevard and Expressway (US 1) is a major avenue connecting Northeast Philadelphia with Center City (Downtown).
The Woodhaven Expressway, serving the Northeast region of Philadelphia, runs between Interstate 95 and Roosevelt Boulevard (US 1).	The Woodhaven Expressway, serving the neighborhood Northeast Philadelphia, runs between Interstate 95 and Roosevelt Boulevard (US 1).
Interstate 95 runs directly through the city along the Delaware River, providing transportation from Florida to Maine.	Interstate 95 (the Delaware Expressway) runs directly through the city along the Delaware River, providing transportation from Florida to Maine.
The city is also served by Interstate 76 (also known as the Schuylkill Expressway) which runs along the Schuylkill River.	The city is also served by Interstate 76 (the Schuylkill Expressway) which runs along the Schuylkill River.
It runs beneath city level through Center City.	It runs beneath city level through Center City, and connects to the Ben Franklin Bridge at its east end.
The Roosevelt Boulevard and Expressway (US 1) is a major avenue connecting Northeast Philadelphia with Center City (Downtown).	Roosevelt Boulevard and the Roosevelt Expressway (US 1) is a major avenue connecting Northeast Philadelphia with Center City (Downtown).
In recent years, however, it has become a giant bottleneck for traffic, and the #2 and #3 worst intersections in the country can be found on this road about a mile from each other.	In recent years, however, it has become a giant bottleneck for traffic, and the #2 and #3 worst intersections in the country (according to a study by State Farm Insurance) can be found on this road about a mile from each other.
The Woodhaven Expressway, serving the neighborhood of Northeast Philadelphia, runs between Interstate 95 and Roosevelt Boulevard (US 1).	The Woodhaven Expressway (PA 63), serving the neighborhood of Northeast Philadelphia, runs between Interstate 95 and Roosevelt Boulevard (US 1).
There were plans to extend the highway further west into the suburbs, but community protest has halted any future construction.	There were plans to extend the highway further west into the suburbs, but community opposition has halted any future construction.
A July 1, 2002 census estimate showed the population dropping modestly to 1,492,231, with Phoenix, Arizona surpassing the city proper as the 5th largest city in the United States, but the Philadelphia metropolitan area retains its fourth-place position nationally, with some 5.7 million people.	A July 1, 2002 census estimate showed the population dropping modestly to 1,492,231, with Phoenix, Arizona surpassing the city proper as the 5th largest city in the United States, but the Philadelphia metropolitan area IS with some 5.7 million people.
A July 1, 2002 census estimate showed the population dropping modestly to 1,492,231, with Phoenix, Arizona surpassing the city proper as the 5th largest city in the United States, but the Philadelphia metropolitan area IS with some 5.7 million people.	A July 1, 2002 census estimate showed the population dropping modestly to 1,492,231, with Phoenix, Arizona surpassing the city proper as the 5th largest city in the United States, but the Philadelphia metropolitan area retains its fourth-place position nationally, with some 5.7 million people.
"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the sixth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia STEPHANIES A MAN (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the sixth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
"Philadelphia STEPHANIES A MAN (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the sixth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the sixth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
Rittenhouse Square is named after David Rittenhouse, a son of the first paper-maker in Philadelphia, William Rittenhouse.	Rittenhouse Square is named after David Rittenhouse, a descendent of the first paper-maker in Philadelphia, William Rittenhouse.
Rittenhouse Square is named after David Rittenhouse, a descendent of the first paper-maker in Philadelphia, William Rittenhouse.	Rittenhouse Square is named after David Rittenhouse, a descendent of the first paper-maker in Philadelphia, the German immigrant William Rittenhouse.
Rittenhousetown is a delightful rural setting in Fairmount Park.	William Rittenhouse's original paper mill site is known as Rittenhousetown, and is a delightful rural setting in Fairmount Park.
The Philadelphia Charge (Women's Soccer) and Philadelphia Barrage (Major League Lacrosse, lacrosse) plays at the stadium of Villanova University, which is located in Villanova.	The Philadelphia Barrage (Major League Lacrosse, lacrosse) plays at the stadium of Villanova University, which is located in Villanova.
The Eagles, Phillies, Flyers and 76ers have each recently had a new stadium built for them.	The Eagles, Phillies, Flyers and 76ers have each recently had a new stadium built overbudget for them with mainly taxpayer money.
SEPTA runs buses, trains, subways, trolleys, and trackless trolleys around Philadelphia and into the suburbs.	SEPTA runs buses, trains, subways, streetcars, and trackless trolleys around Philadelphia and into the suburbs.
The Eagles, Phillies, Flyers and 76ers have each recently had a new stadium built overbudget for them with mainly taxpayer money.	The Eagles, Phillies, Flyers and 76ers have each recently had a new stadium built for them.
Numerous other freeways have been planned and cancelled, such as an Interstate 695 running southwest from downtown, and a freeway upgrade of Roosevelt Boulevard.	Numerous other freeways have been planned and cancelled by a small group of radical historical preservationists, such as an Interstate 695 running southwest from downtown, and a freeway upgrade of Roosevelt Boulevard.
Numerous other freeways have been planned and cancelled by a small group of radical historical preservationists, such as an Interstate 695 running southwest from downtown, and a freeway upgrade of Roosevelt Boulevard.	Numerous other freeways have been planned and cancelled due to a small group of radical historical preservationists, such as an Interstate 695 running southwest from downtown, and a freeway upgrade of Roosevelt Boulevard.
He was re-elected by a larger majority in 2003.	He was re-elected by a larger majority in 2003 and is currently under the cloud of a massive corruption scandal.
The Eagles, Phillies, Flyers and 76ers have each recently had a new stadium built for them.	The Eagles, Phillies, Flyers and 76ers have each recently had a new stadium built for them at taxpayer expense.
He was re-elected by a larger majority in 2003 and is currently under the cloud of a massive corruption scandal.	He was re-elected by a larger majority in 2003.
SEPTA runs buses, trains, subways, streetcars, and trackless trolleys around Philadelphia and into the suburbs.	SEPTA runs buses, trains, subways, trolleys, and trackless trolleys around Philadelphia and into the suburbs.
Numerous other freeways have been planned and cancelled due to a small group of radical historical preservationists, such as an Interstate 695 running southwest from downtown, and a freeway upgrade of Roosevelt Boulevard.	Numerous other freeways have been planned and cancelled, such as an Interstate 695 running southwest from downtown, and a freeway upgrade of Roosevelt Boulevard.
The Eagles, Phillies, Flyers and 76ers have each recently had a new stadium built for them at taxpayer expense.	The Eagles, Phillies, Flyers and 76ers have each recently had a new stadium built for them.
It has played a critical role in American history and the birth of American independence and democracy.	It has played a role in American history and the birth of American independence and democracy.
The Eagles, Phillies, Flyers and 76ers have each recently had a new stadium built for them.	The Eagles, Phillies, Flyers and 76ers have each recently had a new stadium built for them, as part of a sweetheart deal with the city.
It has played a role in American history and the birth of American independence and democracy.	It has played a critical role in American history and the birth of American independence and democracy.
The Eagles, Phillies, Flyers and 76ers have each recently had a new stadium built for them, as part of a sweetheart deal with the city.	The Eagles, Phillies, Flyers and 76ers have each recently had a new stadium built for them.
Its cultural diversity is reflected in the music and musicians that have come from or through Philadelphia: the R&B styles of Jill Scott and Patti LaBelle, the jazz of Grover Washington Jr. and Stan Getz, the rock of Pink, the rap of Will Smith, and the opera of Marian Anderson.	Its cultural diversity is reflected in the music and musicians that have come from or through Philadelphia: the R&B styles of Jill Scott and Patti LaBelle, the jazz of Grover Washington Jr., Stan Getz, and Sun Ra, the rock of Pink, the rap of Will Smith, and the opera of Marian Anderson.
Downtown is known as \"Center City.\"  The city limits have been coterminous with Philadelphia County since 1854.	The city limits have been coterminous with Philadelphia County since 1854.
