The race has been largely credited with the economic revival of the area, and cycling is a prominent theme of many of the shops and restaurants in the area.	The race has been largely credited with the economic revival of the neighborhood, and cycling is a prominent theme of many of the shops and restaurants in the area.
The Sixers and Flyers share the Wachovia Center with the Soul and Wings.	The Sixers and Flyers share the Wachovia Center (1996) with the Soul and Wings.
The Wachovia Spectrum is now home to the Flyers' top farm team, the Phantoms (AHL) and the Major Indoor Soccer League team, the Kixx.	The Wachovia Spectrum (1967) is now home to the Flyers' top farm team, the Phantoms (AHL) and the Major Indoor Soccer League team, the Kixx.
Bodies of water include the Schuylkill River, Cobbs Creek, Wissahickon Creek, and Pennypack Creek.	Bodies of water include the Delaware River, Schuylkill River, Cobbs Creek, Wissahickon Creek, and Pennypack Creek.
In 2005, Philadelphia became the largest city in the United States without a modern rock-format radio station, in part because of the difficulty such a station has in gaining market share from WMMR and WYSP.	In 2005, Philadelphia became the largest city in the United States without a modern rock-format radio station, in part because of the difficulty such a station has in gaining market share from WMMR and WYSP, two of the country's most popular rock stations.
These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Oxford Circle, Feltonville, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Mayfair, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.	These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Brewerytown Oxford Circle, Feltonville, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Mayfair, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.
"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the fifth most populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the fifth city in the United Statesafter Houston, Texas, and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the fifth city in the United Statesafter Houston Texas, and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the fifth most populous city in the United States after Houston, Texas, and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the fifth most populous city in the United States after Houston, Texas, and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the fifth most populous city in the United States after Houston, Texas, and the largest city in the state of Pennsylvania, both in area and population.
"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the fifth most populous city in the United States after Houston, Texas, and the largest city in the state of Pennsylvania, both in area and population.	"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the fifth most populous city in the United States and the largest city in the state of Pennsylvania, both in area and population.
Philadelphia is one of the oldest cities in the United States.	Philadelphia is one of the oldest and most historically significant cities in the United States.
Yes!	See also:\"Philadelphia in film and television\"  "
Many Arabs reside in North Philadelphia.Philadelphia also has become a home for many Europeanan immigrants such as Russians, Greeks, Ukranians, Italians,and Spainards.	Philadelphia also has become a home for many European immigrants such as Russians, Greeks, Ukranians, Italians,and Spaniards.
Philadelphia has one of the largest Jewish populations then any other city.	Philadelphia has one of the largest Jewish populations of any American city.
In 1926, the city held the Sesquicentennial Exposition, but Philadelphia was not the central focus of the United States Bicentennial observances that took place nationwide in the United States in 1976.	In 1926, the city held the Sesquicentennial Exposition, but Philadelphia was not the central focus of the United States Bicentennial observances that took place nationwide in the United States in 1976, a distinction that went to New York City.
These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Brewerytown, Oxford Circle, Feltonville, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Mayfair, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.	These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Brewerytown, Oxford Circle, Feltonville, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Philadelphia, Mayfair, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society_Hill%2C_Philadelphia, the Museum District and many others.
These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Brewerytown, Oxford Circle, Feltonville, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Philadelphia, Mayfair, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society_Hill%2C_Philadelphia, the Museum District and many others.	These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Brewerytown, Oxford Circle, Feltonville, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy|Mount Airy, Philadelphia, Mayfair, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society_Hill%2C_Philadelphia, the Museum District and many others.
These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Brewerytown, Oxford Circle, Feltonville, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy|Mount Airy, Philadelphia, Mayfair, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society_Hill%2C_Philadelphia, the Museum District and many others.	These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Brewerytown, Oxford Circle, Feltonville, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Mayfair, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.
Philadelphia is home to some of the country's most prominent radio stations, including two of the nation's leading rock stations, WMMR at 93.3FM and WYSP at 94.1FM.	See \"Philadelphia in film and television\"  Philadelphia is home to some of the country's most prominent radio stations, including two of the nation's leading rock stations, WMMR at 93.3FM and WYSP at 94.1FM.
The Delaware River Port Authority operates three bridges in Philadelphia over the Delaware River to New Jersey: the Walt Whitman Bridge (I-76), the Benjamin Franklin Bridge (I-676 and US 30), and the Betsy Ross Bridge (NJ 90).	The Delaware River Port Authority operates four bridges in the Philadelphia area over the Delaware River to New Jersey: the Walt Whitman Bridge (I-76), the Benjamin Franklin Bridge (I-676 and US 30), the Betsy Ross Bridge (NJ 90), and the Commodore Barry Bridge (US 322).
The city limits have been coterminous with Philadelphia County since 1854.	The city limits have been coterminous with Philadelphia County since The Act of Consolidation in 1854.
Many Chinese, Asian Indian, Vietnamese, Korean, Hmong, Japanese, Thai, and Cambodian reside in the city.	Many Chinese, Asian Indian, Vietnamese, Korean, Hmong, Japanese, Filipino, Thai, and Cambodian reside in the city.
Philadelphia has had large Hispanic increase over the past 20 years due to immigration from Puerto Rico, Mexico, Central America, Brazil, Peru, and Cuba.	Philadelphia has a large Hispanic communtity of people from Puerto Rico, Mexico, Columbia, Central America, Brazil, Peru, and Cuba.
But in recent years the white population has fled the city making African American the largest race.	However, in recent years the white population has fled the city, and African-Americans have become the dominant ethnic group.
Many Subsaharan Africans and West Indians from the Domincan Republic, Haiti, and Jamaica have also come to Philadelphia.	Many Subsaharan Africans and West Indians have migrated to the Cedar Park neighborhood.
Philadelphia also has become a home for many European immigrants such as Russians, Greeks, Ukranians, Italians,and Spaniards.	Philadelphia also has long been a home for many Eastern European immigrants with Russians, Greeks, and Ukranians congregating in the Near Northeast.
Philadelphia has many Portuguese, Africans, Nigerians, Lebanese, Afghani, Iranian and Armenians also.	Many Subsaharan Africans and West Indians have migrated to the Cedar Park neighborhood.
Philadelphia has one of the largest Jewish populations of any American city.	Philadelphia also has one of the largest Jewish populations of any American city.
As you can see, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania is a internationl city and a true melting pot.	\"See also:\" List of mayors of Philadelphia  The legislative branch of Philadelphia is the Philadelphia City Council.
Numerous Korean immigrants are changing the landscape of the already diverse Olney.	Numerous Korean immigrants have come to the already melting pot of Olney.
As of the 2000 census, the population was 1,517,550.	As of the census of 2000, there are 1,517,550 people, 590,071 households, and 352,272 families residing in the city.
Philadelphia has long been a Black and White city.	Philadelphia has long been a Black and White city, today the city's white and African American populations are roughly equal in size.
Numerous other cultures can be found in various neighborhoods of the city.	However, numerous other cultures can be found in various neighborhoods of the city.
Its cultural diversity is reflected in the music and musicians that have come from or through Philadelphia: the R&B styles of Jill Scott and Patti LaBelle, the jazz of Grover Washington Jr., Stan Getz, and Sun Ra, the rock of Todd Rundgren, Hall & Oates, and Pink, the hip hop of The Roots, and the opera of Marian Anderson.	Its cultural diversity is reflected in the music and musicians that have come from or through Philadelphia: the R&B styles of Jill Scott and Patti LaBelle, the jazz of Grover Washington Jr., Stan Getz, and Sun Ra, the rock of Todd Rundgren, Hall & Oates, and Pink, the hip hop of The Roots, the electronic-funk of Josh Wink, and the opera of Marian Anderson.
Out of the total population, 31.3% of those under the age of 18 and 16.9% of those 65 and older are living below the poverty line.	22.9% of the population and 18.4% of families are below the poverty line.. Out of the total population, 31.3% of those under the age of 18 and 16.9% of those 65 and older are living below the poverty line.
Philadelphia has the third largest Puerto Rican population in America with many other Hispanic cultures and a thriving Asian population mainly of Chinese, Korean and Asian Indian.	Philadelphia has the second largest Irish, Italian, and Jamaican populations in America, as well as the third largest Puerto Rican and Vietnamese populations in America with many other Hispanic cultures and a thriving Asian population mainly of Chinese, Korean and Asian Indian.
The Sixers and Flyers share the Wachovia Center (1996) with the Soul and Wings.	The Sixers and Flyers share the Wachovia Center (1996) with the Philadelphia Soul (Arena Football League) arena football team.
The Wachovia Spectrum (1967) is now home to the Flyers' top farm team, the Phantoms (AHL) and the Major Indoor Soccer League team, the Kixx.	The Wachovia Spectrum (1967) is now home to the Flyers' top farm team, the Philadelphia Phantoms (American Hockey League), and the Philadelphia Kixx (Major Indoor Soccer League), an Indoor soccer team.
Philadelphia has ten sister cities, as designated by Sister Cities International, Inc. (SCI): Douala (Cameroon), Florence (Italy), Incheon (South Korea), Nizhni Novgorod (Russia), Tel Aviv (Israel), Tianjin (China), Torun (Poland), Aix-en-Provence (France), Kobe (Japan), and Mosul (Iraq).  "	\"See also: U.S. cities with teams from four major sports\"  Philadelphia has ten sister cities, as designated by Sister Cities International, Inc. (SCI): Douala (Cameroon), Florence (Italy), Incheon (South Korea), Nizhni Novgorod (Russia), Tel Aviv (Israel), Tianjin (China), Torun (Poland), Aix-en-Provence (France), Kobe (Japan), and Mosul (Iraq).  "
Philadelphia has its own stock exchange.	The city also has its own stock exchange.
The list of major companies in Philadelphia includes Aramark, GlaxoSmithKline, Sunoco, Comcast, and Pep Boys.	Other companies based in Philadelphia include the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline and automotive parts retailer Pep Boys.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 369.4 km\u00b2 (142.6 mi\u00b2).	The population density is 4,337.3/km\u00b2 (11,233.6/mi\u00b2).
349.9 km\u00b2 (135.1 mi\u00b2) of it is land and 19.6 km\u00b2 (7.6 mi\u00b2) of it is water.	The population density is 4,337.3/km\u00b2 (11,233.6/mi\u00b2).
The total area is 5.29% water.	Philadelphia is the central city for the Delaware Valley metropolitan area.
Like every big city, Philadelphia has many neighborhoods, each of which has its own identity.	The city also has its own stock exchange.
For a more extensive list of Philadelphia neighborhoods, see List of Philadelphia neighborhoods.	For a list of famous past and present residents of Philadelphia, see: \"List of people from Philadelphia\".
The numbered streets then resume, continuing in the original plan to 28th at the Schuylkill River.	The city is also served by Interstate 76, the Schuylkill Expressway, which runs along the Schuylkill River.
Both are the same distance south of City Hall.	Memorial Hall and the expansive mall in front of it are remnants of this fair.
Distinctive Philadelphian dishes include:  Philadelphia has a large Italian American population along with Irish-Americans, Asian-Americans, African Americans, and growing numbers of Hispanic residents and \u00e9migr\u00e9s from Russia and Asian countries.	Philadelphia has a large Italian American population along with Irish-Americans, Asian-Americans, African Americans, and growing numbers of Hispanic residents and \u00e9migr\u00e9s from Russia and Asian countries.
For a list of famous past and present residents of Philadelphia, see: \"List of people from Philadelphia\".	Distinctive Philadelphian dishes include:  For a list of famous past and present residents of Philadelphia, see: \"List of people from Philadelphia\".
\"See also: List of Philadelphia neighborhoods\"  Penn's surveyor, Thomas Holme, laid out the city in a strict grid, with all streets running either north-south or east-west.	Penn's surveyor, Thomas Holme, laid out the city in a strict grid, with all streets running either north-south or east-west.
From a governmental perspective, Philadelphia County is a legal nullity, as all county functions were assumed by the city in 1952, which has been coterminous with the county since 1854.	\"See also: List of Philadelphia neighborhoods\"  From a governmental perspective, Philadelphia County is a legal nullity, as all county functions were assumed by the city in 1952, which has been coterminous with the county since 1854.
22.9% of the population and 18.4% of families are below the poverty line.. Out of the total population, 31.3% of those under the age of 18 and 16.9% of those 65 and older are living below the poverty line.	Out of the total population, 31.3% of those under the age of 18 and 16.9% of those 65 and older are living below the poverty line.
Philadelphia has long been a Black and White city, today the city's white and African American populations are roughly equal in size.	Philadelphia has long been a Black and White city, and currently the city's white and African American populations are about equal in size.
Philadelphia also has one of the largest Jewish populations of any American city.	The city also has the second largest Irish, Italian, and Jamaican populations in America.
See \"Philadelphia in film and television\"  Philadelphia is home to some of the country's most prominent radio stations, including two of the nation's leading rock stations, WMMR at 93.3FM and WYSP at 94.1FM.	Philadelphia is home to some of the country's most prominent radio stations, including two of the nation's leading rock stations, WMMR at 93.3FM and WYSP at 94.1FM.
All of Philadelphia is served by the School District of Philadelphia.	\"See also: U.S. cities with teams from four major sports\"  All of Philadelphia is served by the School District of Philadelphia.
Colleges and universities near Philadelphia include:  The Free Library of Philadelphia    Philadelphia has a long and proud history of professional sports teams.	Philadelphia has a long and proud history of professional sports teams.
\"See also: U.S. cities with teams from four major sports\"  Philadelphia has ten sister cities, as designated by Sister Cities International, Inc. (SCI): Douala (Cameroon), Florence (Italy), Incheon (South Korea), Nizhni Novgorod (Russia), Tel Aviv (Israel), Tianjin (China), Torun (Poland), Aix-en-Provence (France), Kobe (Japan), and Mosul (Iraq).  "	Colleges and universities near Philadelphia include:  The Free Library of Philadelphia  Philadelphia has ten sister cities, as designated by Sister Cities International, Inc. (SCI): Douala (Cameroon), Florence (Italy), Incheon (South Korea), Nizhni Novgorod (Russia), Tel Aviv (Israel), Tianjin (China), Torun (Poland), Aix-en-Provence (France), Kobe (Japan), and Mosul (Iraq).  "
Judges for all of the above courts are elected at large.	Judges for these courts are elected at large.
\"See also: List of Philadelphia neighborhoods\"  From a governmental perspective, Philadelphia County is a legal nullity, as all county functions were assumed by the city in 1952, which has been coterminous with the county since 1854.	\"See also: U.S. cities with teams from four major sports\"  From a governmental perspective, Philadelphia County is a legal nullity, as all county functions were assumed by the city in 1952, which has been coterminous with the county since 1854.
Philadelphia has seven council members at large, and ten council members from districts.	The legislative branch of Philadelphia is the Philadelphia City Council, which consists of seven council members elected at-large and ten council members from individual districts.
Philadelphia's economy is heavily based upon manufacturing, refining, food, and financial services.	\"See also: List of Philadelphia neighborhoods\"  Philadelphia's economy is heavily based upon manufacturing, refining, food, and financial services.
Philadelphia is served by the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority, or SEPTA.	Colleges and universities near Philadelphia include:  Philadelphia is served by the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority, or SEPTA.
\"See also: U.S. cities with teams from four major sports\"  All of Philadelphia is served by the School District of Philadelphia.	All of Philadelphia is served by the School District of Philadelphia.
Colleges and universities near Philadelphia include:  The Free Library of Philadelphia  Philadelphia has ten sister cities, as designated by Sister Cities International, Inc. (SCI): Douala (Cameroon), Florence (Italy), Incheon (South Korea), Nizhni Novgorod (Russia), Tel Aviv (Israel), Tianjin (China), Torun (Poland), Aix-en-Provence (France), Kobe (Japan), and Mosul (Iraq).  "	Philadelphia has ten sister cities, as designated by Sister Cities International, Inc. (SCI): Douala (Cameroon), Florence (Italy), Incheon (South Korea), Nizhni Novgorod (Russia), Tel Aviv (Israel), Tianjin (China), Torun (Poland), Aix-en-Provence (France), Kobe (Japan), and Mosul (Iraq).   "
The highest point in the city is Chestnut Hill, with an elevation of 432 feet above sea level located on Summit Street just north and east of Bethlehem Pike.	The highest point in the city is Chestnut Hill, with an elevation of 432 feet above sea level located near Evergreen Place, just north and west of Evergreen Avenue.
The lowest point in Philadelphia is in Southwest Philadelphia at the convergence of the Delaware and Schuylkill Rivers at 10 feet above sea level.	The lowest point in the city is in Southwest Philadelphia at the convergence of the Delaware and Schuylkill Rivers (near Fort Mifflin) at 10 feet above sea level.
The lowest point in the city is in Southwest Philadelphia at the convergence of the Delaware and Schuylkill Rivers (near Fort Mifflin) at 10 feet above sea level.	The lowest point in the city is 10 feet above sea level near Fort Mifflin in Southwest Philadelphia at the convergence of the Delaware and Schuylkill Rivers.
Holme also planned five public parks, one at the intersection of High and Broad Streets in the very center of the city (now occupied by City Hall) and four others (now called Washington Square (Philadelphia), Rittenhouse Square, Logan Square and Franklin Square) surrounding it.	Holme also planned five public parks, one at the intersection of High and Broad Streets in the very center of the city, now occupied by City Hall, and four others surrounding it now called Washington Square (Philadelphia), Rittenhouse Square, Logan Square and Franklin Square .
Holme also planned five public parks, one at the intersection of High and Broad Streets in the very center of the city, now occupied by City Hall, and four others surrounding it now called Washington Square (Philadelphia), Rittenhouse Square, Logan Square and Franklin Square .	Holme also planned five public parks, one at the intersection of High and Broad Streets in the very center of the city, now occupied by City Hall, and four others surrounding it now called Washington Square, Rittenhouse Square, Logan Square and Franklin Square.
Philadelphia has had its share of memorable moments.	Philadelphia has many neighborhoods, each of which has its own identity.
He was last seen outside the Kennedy Fried Chicken in Chester, PA.  "	The city's last major championship came in 1983.
Before Europeans arrived, the Delaware (Lenape) Indian town of Shackamaxon was located where Philadelphia now stands.	Before Europeans arrived, the Delaware (Lenape) Indian town of Shackamaxon was located where Philadelphia now stands, specifically, the Germantown neighborhood.
Distinctive Philadelphian dishes include:  For a list of famous past and present residents of Philadelphia, see: \"List of people from Philadelphia\".	Little known facts:  Distinctive Philadelphian dishes include:  For a list of famous past and present residents of Philadelphia, see: \"List of people from Philadelphia\".
Philadelphia is a restaurant town, with incredible diversity and depth in the restaurant scene.	Philadelphia is a great restaurant town, with incredible diversity, depth, and quality in the restaurant scene.
Notable restaurants include Iron Chef Masaharu Morimoto's self named Morimoto, Buddakhan, Old Original Bookbinder's, and Le Bec Fin.	Notable restaurants include Iron Chef Masaharu Morimoto's self named Morimoto, Buddakhan, Old Original Bookbinder's, Alma de Cuba, City Tavern, and Le Bec Fin.
Little known facts:  Distinctive Philadelphian dishes include:  For a list of famous past and present residents of Philadelphia, see: \"List of people from Philadelphia\".	<BR><BR> Little known facts:  Distinctive Philadelphian dishes include:  For a list of famous past and present residents of Philadelphia, see: \"List of people from Philadelphia\".
<BR><BR> Little known facts:  Distinctive Philadelphian dishes include:  For a list of famous past and present residents of Philadelphia, see: \"List of people from Philadelphia\".	Little known facts:  Distinctive Philadelphian dishes include:  For a list of famous past and present residents of Philadelphia, see: \"List of people from Philadelphia\".
The city's expansion incorporated the neighborhoods of West Philadelphia, South Philadelphia, North Philadelphia, and Northeast Philadelphia, as well as smaller communities such as Manayunk and Chestnut Hill.	The city's expansion incorporated the neighborhoods of West Philadelphia, South Philadelphia, North Philadelphia, and Northeast Philadelphia, as well as smaller communities such as Roxborough, Manayunk, Mt.
