Interstate 95 (the Delaware Expressway) runs directly through the city along the Delaware River, providing transportation from Florida to Maine.	Interstate 95 (the Delaware Expressway) runs through the city along the Delaware River, providing transportation from Florida to Maine.
It meets with the Pennsylvania Turnpike at King of Prussia and provides access to Harrisburg and points west.	It meets the Pennsylvania Turnpike at King of Prussia and provides access to Harrisburg and points west.
Interstate 676, the Vine Street Expressway, was completed in 1991 after years of planning as a link between I-95 and I-76.	Interstate 676, the Vine Street Expressway, was completed in 1991 after years of planning.
It runs beneath city level through Center City, and connects to the Ben Franklin Bridge at its east end.	A link between I-95 and I-76, it runs beneath street level through Center City, and connects to the Ben Franklin Bridge at its east end.
Roosevelt Boulevard and the Roosevelt Expressway (US 1) is a major avenue connecting Northeast Philadelphia with Center City (Downtown).	Roosevelt Boulevard and the Roosevelt Expressway (US 1) connects Northeast Philadelphia with Center City.
The boulevard was originally built for the Lincoln Highway as part of the City Beautiful movement.	The boulevard was built for the Lincoln Highway as part of the City Beautiful movement.
There were plans to extend the highway further west into the suburbs, but community opposition has halted any future construction.	Plans to extend the highway west into the suburbs were killed by community opposition.
Offering service from as south as just west of Philly International Airport, to as far north as west of NYC.	Opened in the early 1990s, the Northeast Extension (276 & 476) connects highways south of Philly International Airport to ones north of the city.
It is frequently referred to as, \"The Blue Route\".	Sometimes called \"The Blue Route\".
Numerous other freeways have been planned and cancelled, such as an Interstate 695 running southwest from downtown, and a freeway upgrade of Roosevelt Boulevard.	Other planned freeways have been cancelled, such as an Interstate 695 running southwest from downtown and a freeway upgrade of Roosevelt Boulevard.
Pennsylvania's three appellate courts have chambers in Philadelphia.	Pennsylvania's three appellate courts also sit in Philadelphia.
Interstate 95 (the Delaware Expressway) runs through the city along the Delaware River, providing transportation from Florida to Maine.	Interstate 95 runs through the city along the Delaware River, providing transportation from Florida to Maine.
These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.	These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Oxford Circle, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.
In 2005, Philadelphia became the largest city in the United States without a modern rock-format radio station.	In 2005, Philadelphia became the largest city in the United States without a modern rock-format radio station, in part because of the difficulty such a station has in gaining market share from WMMR and WYSP.
WPLY 100.3FM had formerly provided this service, but its format was changed to meet the demands of its owner's national agenda.	WPLY 100.3FM had formerly been a purely Philadelphia-based alternative rock station, but its format was changed to hip hop in early 2005.
Philadelphia is unofficially divided into numerous neighborhoods.	For a more extensive list of Philadelphia neighborhoods, see List of Philadelphia neighborhoods.
http://wikitravel.org/en/Philadelphia#Neighborhoods  A great place to learn and discuss Philly's neighborhoods is PhillyBlog.	For a more extensive list of Philadelphia neighborhoods, see List of Philadelphia neighborhoods.
These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Oxford Circle, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.	These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Oxford Circle, Feltonville, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, [Mayfair]], Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.
WPLY 100.3FM had formerly been a purely Philadelphia-based alternative rock station, but its format was changed to hip hop in early 2005.	WPLY Y100 had formerly been a purely Philadelphia-based alternative rock station, but its format was changed to hip hop in early 2005 by parent company Radio One.
The ethnic makeup of the city is 43.2% Black, 13.6% Irish, 9.2% Italian, 8.1% German, 6.4% Puerto Rican, and 4.3% Polish.	The ethnic makeup of the city is 43.2% Black, 13.6% Irish, 9.2% Italian, 8.1% Puerto Rican, 6.4% German, and 4.3% Polish.
The city's name means \"city of brotherly love\" in ancient Greek.	The city's name means \"city of brotherly love\" in Greek (\u03a6\u03b9\u03bb\u03b1\u03b4\u03ad\u03bb\u03c6\u03b9\u03b1).
There has been significant debate in the Philadelphia and Phoenix newspaper press regarding which city is the larger.	Like every big city, Philadelphia has many neighborhoods, each of which has its own identity.
The most recent data, released this summer, presents data for July 1, 2003.	He was re-elected by a larger majority in 2003.
The Philadelphia metropolitan area is the fourth largest nationally, with some 5.7 million people.	The Philadelphia metropolitan area is the sixth largest nationally, with some 6.2 million people.
It has played a critical role in American history and the birth of American independence and democracy.	It has played a critical role in American history and the birth of American independence, democracy, and freedom.
<br clear=all> Before Europeans arrived, the Delaware (Lenape) Indian town of Shackamaxon was located where Philadelphia now stands.	Before Europeans arrived, the Delaware (Lenape) Indian town of Shackamaxon was located where Philadelphia now stands.
Its cultural diversity is reflected in the music and musicians that have come from or through Philadelphia: the R&B styles of Jill Scott and Patti LaBelle, the jazz of Grover Washington Jr., Stan Getz, and Sun Ra, the rock of Pink, the rap of Will Smith, and the opera of Marian Anderson.	Its cultural diversity is reflected in the music and musicians that have come from or through Philadelphia: the R&B styles of Jill Scott and Patti LaBelle, the jazz of Grover Washington Jr., Stan Getz, and Sun Ra, the rock of Pink, the hip hop of The Roots, and the opera of Marian Anderson.
The term \"Downtown\" refers to South Philadelphia.	The term \"Downtown\" also refers to Center City.
Center City is broken up into a number of neighborhoods and districts as well, including Penn's Landing, Old City (includes the historic district and a number of bars and restaurants), Northern Liberties (which houses a number of art galleries), Society Hill, Washington Square, Market-East, Chinatown, Logan Square (the museum disctict), Rittenhouse, and the Avenue of the Arts (South Broad Street).	Center City is broken up into a number of neighborhoods and districts as well, including Penn's Landing, Old City (which includes the historic district and a number of bars and restaurants), Northern Liberties (which houses a number of art galleries), Society Hill, Washington Square, Market-East, Chinatown, Logan Square (the museum disctict), Rittenhouse, and the Avenue of the Arts (South Broad Street).
A July 1, 2002 census estimate showed the population dropping modestly to 1,492,231, with Phoenix, Arizona surpassing the city proper as the 5th largest city in the United States.	A June 30, 2005 census estimate showed the population dropping modestly to 1,470,151, with Phoenix, Arizona expected to surpass the city proper as the 5th largest in the United States.
The city is also a national center of law due to the University of Pennsylvania's prestigious law school.	The city is also a national center of law due to the prestigious Temple University Beasley school of law and the University of Pennsylvania's law school.
The city is also a national center of law due to the prestigious Temple University Beasley school of law and the University of Pennsylvania's law school.	The city is also a national center of law due to the prestigious Temple University Beasley School of Law and the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
WXPN sponsors a music festival each summer, and they now broadcast worldwide via their website: [www.xpn.org].	WXPN sponsors a music festival each summer, and they now broadcast worldwide via their website: .
Philadelphia was an early railroad hub.	Philadelphia was an early railroad hub, with lines from all over meeting in Philadelphia.
The following railroads, almost all radiating from downtown, were built in the mid-19th century:  Distinctive Philadelphian dishes include:  Philadelphia has a large Italian American population along with Irish-Americans, Asian-Americans, African Americans, and growing numbers of Hispanic residents and \u00e9migr\u00e9s from Russia and Asian countries.	Distinctive Philadelphian dishes include:  Philadelphia has a large Italian American population along with Irish-Americans, Asian-Americans, African Americans, and growing numbers of Hispanic residents and \u00e9migr\u00e9s from Russia and Asian countries.
In 1926, the city held the Sesquicentennial Exposition, but Philadelphia was not the central focus of the Bicentennial observances that took place nationwide in the United States in 1976 (New York City held this distinction, as thousands of \"tall ships\" gathered in New York Harbor on July 4, 1976, the 200th anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence).	In 1926, the city held the Sesquicentennial Exposition, but Philadelphia was not the central focus of the United States Bicentennial observances that took place nationwide in the United States in 1976 (New York City held this distinction, as thousands of \"tall ships\" gathered in New York Harbor on July 4, 1976, the 200th anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence).
The Pennsylvania Railroad, once America's largest railroad by revenue and traffic volume and at one time the largest public corporation in the world, was headquartered on Broad Street, as was its merger successor, the Penn Central.	The Pennsylvania Railroad, once America's largest railroad by revenue and traffic volume and at one time the largest public corporation in the world, was headquartered on Broad Street, as was its merger successor, the Penn Central, and in turn its freight railroad successor, Conrail.
A congregation was formed in 1646 on Tinicum Island by Swedish missionary Johannes Campanius.	He was re-elected by a larger majority in 2003.
In 1700, the group built the Gloria Dei Church, also known as \"Old Swedes\".	The boulevard was built for the Lincoln Highway as part of the City Beautiful movement.
Philadelphia is a planned city founded and developed by William Penn, a Quaker.	All of Philadelphia is served by the School District of Philadelphia.
This was intended to allow the city's population to leave the city easily.	Some locals half-jokingly attribute this to the Curse of Billy Penn.
Memorial Hall and the expansive mall in front of it are remnants of this fair.	Both are the same distance south of City Hall.
Penn's surveyor, Thomas Holme, laid out the city in a strict grid, with all streets running either north-south or east-west.	huraa philly rocks  Penn's surveyor, Thomas Holme, laid out the city in a strict grid, with all streets running either north-south or east-west.
huraa philly rocks  Penn's surveyor, Thomas Holme, laid out the city in a strict grid, with all streets running either north-south or east-west.	Penn's surveyor, Thomas Holme, laid out the city in a strict grid, with all streets running either north-south or east-west.
In 1790, the seat of the United States Government was moved from Federal Hall in New York to Congress Hall in Philadelphia as the result of a compromise between a number of Southern congressmen and United States Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton.	In 1790, the seat of the United States Government was moved from Federal Hall in New York to Congress Hall in Philadelphia as the result of a compromise between a number of Southern congressmen and Alexander Hamilton, then serving as Secretary of the Treasury.
He also planned five public parks, one at the intersection of High and Broad Streets in the very center of the city (now occupied by the City Hall) and four others (now called Washington Square, Rittenhouse Square, Logan Square and Franklin Square) surrounding it.	He also planned five public parks, one at the intersection of High and Broad Streets in the very center of the city (now occupied by City Hall) and four others (now called Washington Square (Philadelphia), Rittenhouse Square, Logan Square and Franklin Square) surrounding it.
During part of the 18th century, the city was the second capital and then-most populous city of the United States.	During part of the 18th century, the city was the second capital and most populous city of the United States.
Penn also required lots of alleyways and open spaces in hopes of controlling fires and disease (which were then common problems in London).	Penn also required lots of alleyways and open spaces in hopes of controlling fires and disease, which were then common problems in London and other major cities.
The Declaration of Independence and US Constitution were signed in the city's Independence Hall.	The Declaration of Independence and US Constitution were drafted in Philadelphia and signed in the city's Independence Hall.
An early railroad center, Philadelphia was the original home of the Baldwin Locomotive Works, the world's largest builder of steam locomotives (which relocated to nearby Eddystone, Pennsylvania).	An early railroad center, Philadelphia was the original home of the Baldwin Locomotive Works, the world's largest builder of steam locomotives, which eventually relocated to nearby Eddystone, Pennsylvania).
Concurently both Logan Square and Franklin Square are located the same distances east and west of City Hall as Washington and Rittenhouse square are, but are located 4 blocks north or Market Street instead of four blocks south as Washington and Rittenhouse are.	Concurently both Logan Square and Franklin Square are located the same distances east and west of City Hall as Washington and Rittenhouse and four blocks north of Market Street, reflecting the southern squares.
City Hall is the tallest masonry building in the world; and through the late 1980s, City Hall used to be locally known as the tallest building in Philadelphia.	City Hall is the tallest masonry building in the world; and through the late 1980s, City Hall was known locally as the tallest building in Philadelphia.
One Liberty Place is the tallest building not only in Philadelphia but in the entire state of Pennsylvania, however in 2005 construction began on the Comcast Center which, when completed in 2007, will be 30 feet taller than One Liberty Place.	One Liberty Place is the tallest building in the entire state of Pennsylvania, but in 2005 construction began on the Comcast Center which, when completed in 2007, will be 30 feet taller than One Liberty Place.
Another building, just approved, called 1441 Chestnut, will also be taller than City Hall upon completion in 2006, although not the tallest in the city.	A ninth building, approved for construction in 2005 and called 1441 Chestnut, will also be taller than City Hall upon completion in 2006.
Its cultural diversity is reflected in the music and musicians that have come from or through Philadelphia: the R&B styles of Jill Scott and Patti LaBelle, the jazz of Grover Washington Jr., Stan Getz, and Sun Ra, the rock of Pink, the hip hop of The Roots, and the opera of Marian Anderson.	Its cultural diversity is reflected in the music and musicians that have come from or through Philadelphia: the R&B styles of Jill Scott and Patti LaBelle, the jazz of Grover Washington Jr., Stan Getz, and Sun Ra, the rock of Todd Rundgren and Pink, the hip hop of The Roots, and the opera of Marian Anderson.
Famed comedian Bill Cosby was born and raised in Philadelphia.	Famed comedian Bill Cosby was born and raised in Philadelphia as well as John Barrymore, Peter Boyle, and Kevin Bacon to name a few.
Interstate 95 runs through the city along the Delaware River, providing transportation from Florida to Maine.	Interstate 95 (I-95) runs through the city along the Delaware River, providing transportation from Florida to Maine.
In recent years, it has become a traffic bottleneck and includes the #2 and #3 worst intersections in the country about a mile from each other, according to a study by State Farm Insurance.	In recent years, it has become a traffic bottleneck and includes the second and third most deadly intersections in the country about a mile from each other, according to a study by State Farm Insurance.
The Woodhaven Expressway (PA 63), serving the neighborhood of Northeast Philadelphia, runs between Interstate 95 and Roosevelt Boulevard (US 1).	The Woodhaven Expressway (PA 63), was built in 1966 to serve the neighborhoods of Northeast Philadelphia, and runs between Interstate 95 and Roosevelt Boulevard (US 1).
Plans to extend the highway west into the suburbs were killed by community opposition.	Plans to extend the highway west into the suburbs were killed by community opposition when the highway was first built.
Opened in the early 1990s, the Northeast Extension (276 & 476) connects highways south of Philly International Airport to ones north of the city.	Finally fully opened in December 1991, the Northeast Extension (Interstate 476) connects I-95 south of Philadelphia International Airport to the Pennsylvania Turnpike north of the city.
The construction of 476 between 76 and 95 took much longer than expected due to community opposition and stubborn landowners.	The construction of I-476 between I-76 and I-95 took much longer than expected (It was scheduled to be built in 1964) due to community opposition and stubborn landowners.
The city is also a national center of law due to the prestigious Temple University Beasley School of Law and the University of Pennsylvania Law School.	The city is also a national center of law due to the prestigious University of Pennsylvania Law School and the Temple University Beasley School of Law.
The incumbent is former Philadelphia City Council President John Street (D), who was first elected in 1999.	The incumbent is former Philadelphia City Council President John Street (D), who was elected in 1999, and re-elected by a larger majority in 2003.
He was re-elected by a larger majority in 2003.	The incumbent is former Philadelphia City Council President John Street (D), who was elected in 1999, and re-elected by a larger majority in 2003.
As of 2005, In the past fifty years Philadelphia has not had any Republican Mayors.	\"See also:\" List of mayors of Philadelphia  The legislative branch of Philadelphia is the Philadelphia City Council.
The first railroad in Philadelphia was the Philadelphia, Germantown and Norristown Railroad, opened in 1832 north to Germantown.	<BR> <BR> The first railroad in Philadelphia was the Philadelphia, Germantown and Norristown Railroad, opened in 1832 north to Germantown.
The Schulkill river starts in Schuylkill County and was used in the early days to ship Anthracite coal to the ports of Philadelphia from the anthacite coal region of Pennslvania.	The Schuylkill river starts in Schuylkill County near Pottsville Pennsylvania and was used in the early days to ship Anthracite coal to the ports of Philadelphia from the anthacite coal region.
Later, the Reading railroad built tracks along the river and shipped the anthacite coal down to the ports of Philadelphia from Schulykill county.	Later, the Reading railroad built tracks along the river and shipped the anthacite coal down to the ports of Philadelphia from Schulykill county by rail.
Reading became a middleman town from Pottsville, 120 Miles North West of Philadelphia.	Reading became a rich middleman town during the Indusrtial revolution from the coal regions Pottsville, 130 Miles North West of Philadelphia.
The Schuylkill river starts in Schuylkill County near Pottsville Pennsylvania and was used in the early days to ship Anthracite coal to the ports of Philadelphia from the anthacite coal region.	The Schuylkill River starts in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania near Pottsville, Pennsylvania and was used in the early days to ship Anthracite coal to the ports of Philadelphia from the anthracite coal region.
The Schuylkill River starts in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania near Pottsville, Pennsylvania and was used in the early days to ship Anthracite coal to the ports of Philadelphia from the anthracite coal region.	The Schuylkill River starts in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania near Pottsville, Pennsylvania and was used in the early days to ship anthracite coal by mule on the Schuylkill Canal to Philadelphia for burning fuel.
Later, the Reading railroad built tracks along the river and shipped the anthacite coal down to the ports of Philadelphia from Schulykill county by rail.	Today, the anthracite coal is shipped on coal cars down to the ports of Philadelphia from Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania by rail.
Reading became a rich middleman town during the Indusrtial revolution from the coal regions Pottsville, 130 Miles North West of Philadelphia.	The city of Reading, Pennsylvania became a rich middleman town during the Industrial revolution from the coal regions Pottsville, Pennsylvania, 150 Miles North West of Philadelphia.
The reading railroad competed with the Pennsylvania railroad and built tracks along the Schuylkill River.	The reading railroad competed with the Pennsylvania railroad and built tracks along the Schuylkill River for the coal.
Today, the anthracite coal is shipped on coal cars down to the ports of Philadelphia from Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania by rail.	Today, the anthracite coal is still shipped on coal cars down to the ports of Philadelphia from Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania by rail.
The reading railroad competed with the Pennsylvania railroad and built tracks along the Schuylkill River for the coal.	The city is also served by Interstate 76, the Schuylkill Expressway, which runs along the Schuylkill River.
In 1837 an eastern extension of the Philadelphia City Railroad opened along Market Street to the Delaware River at Dock Street.	Prior to that, the city of Philadelphia consisted only of those areas between South Street, Vine Street, the Delaware River, and the Schuylkill River.
David Rittenhouse was a clockmaker and friend of the American Revolution.	It has played a critical role in American history and the birth of American independence, democracy, and freedom.
As well as serving as a major station on Amtrak services running on the Northeast Corridor it also services as a major station for services PRR's former Pennsylvania Main Line to points west such as Pittsburgh and Chicago.	As well as serving as a major station on Amtrak services running on the Northeast Corridor it also services as a major station for services PRR's former Pennsylvania Main Line to points west such as Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and Chicago, Illinois.
"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the fifth most populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the fifth mostjhjhgvothe United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
The Philadelphia metropolitan area is the sixth largest nationally, with some 6.2 million people.	The area is a shitholeThe Philadelphia metropolitan area is the sixth largest nationally, with some 6.2 million people.
"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the fifth mostjhjhgvothe United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the fifth most populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
The area is a shitholeThe Philadelphia metropolitan area is the sixth largest nationally, with some 6.2 million people.	The Philadelphia metropolitan area is the sixth largest nationally, with some 6.2 million people.
Philadelphia's classic rock station is 102.9 WMGK which offers the greatest rock in the history of music hilighting the decades of the 70's, 80's, and 90's.	Philadelphia's classic rock station is WMGK 102.9FM which offers the greatest rock in the history of music featuring the decades of the 70's, 80's, and 90's.
Its cultural diversity is reflected in the music and musicians that have come from or through Philadelphia: the R&B styles of Jill Scott and Patti LaBelle, the jazz of Grover Washington Jr., Stan Getz, and Sun Ra, the rock of Todd Rundgren and Pink, the hip hop of The Roots, and the opera of Marian Anderson.	Its cultural diversity is reflected in the music and musicians that have come from or through Philadelphia: the R&B styles of Jill Scott and Patti LaBelle, the jazz of Grover Washington Jr., Stan Getz, and Sun Ra, the rock of Todd Rundgren, Hall & Oates, and Pink, the hip hop of The Roots, and the opera of Marian Anderson.
Famed comedian Bill Cosby was born and raised in Philadelphia as well as John Barrymore, Peter Boyle, and Kevin Bacon to name a few.	Famed comedian Bill Cosby was born and raised in Philadelphia as well as actors Will Smith, John Barrymore, Peter Boyle, and Kevin Bacon to name a few.
The Philadelphia Barrage (Major League Lacrosse, lacrosse) plays at the stadium of Villanova University, which is located in Villanova.	The Philadelphia Barrage (Major League Lacrosse, lacrosse) play at the stadium of Villanova University, which is located in Villanovain Delaware County which just outside of Philadelphia to the west.
The Philadelphia Barrage (Major League Lacrosse, lacrosse) play at the stadium of Villanova University, which is located in Villanovain Delaware County which just outside of Philadelphia to the west.	The Philadelphia Barrage (Major League Lacrosse, lacrosse) play at the stadium of Villanova University, which is located in Villanova in Ardmore, PA (Delaware County) which just outside of Philadelphia to the west.
Philadelphia's famed sports talk radio station, WIP 610AM, became the city's \"Pioneer Radio Voice\" on March 17, 1922.	Philadelphia's current sports talk radio station, WIP 610AM, became the city's \"Pioneer Radio Voice\" on March 17, 1922.
Unfortunately, much of the station's history has been lost or destroyed over the years.	It has played a critical role in American history and the birth of American independence, democracy, and freedom.
WIP is currently an Infinity Broadcasting Corporation station.	30th Street Station currently is the 3rd busiest station it terms of passengers in the Amtrak system.
Viacom is it's parent corporation.	Shortly after it was completed, though, it became one of the busiest corridors in the region.
The Philadelphia Barrage (Major League Lacrosse, lacrosse) play at the stadium of Villanova University, which is located in Villanova in Ardmore, PA (Delaware County) which just outside of Philadelphia to the west.	The Philadelphia Barrage (Major League Lacrosse, lacrosse) play at the stadium of Villanova University, which is located in Villanova, Pennsyvania (Delaware County) which is just outside of Philadelphia to the west.
The Philadelphia Barrage (Major League Lacrosse, lacrosse) play at the stadium of Villanova University, which is located in Villanova, Pennsyvania (Delaware County) which is just outside of Philadelphia to the west.	The Philadelphia Barrage (Major League Lacrosse) play at the stadium of Villanova University, which is located in Villanova, Pennsylvania (Delaware County) which is just outside of Philadelphia to the west.
The city's original NFL team was the Frankford Yellow Jackets (Frankford being a section of the city located in the northeastern part of town); the club disbanded during the 1931 football season, then re-emerged under the same ownership two years later as the Philadelphia Eagles.	The city's original NFL team was the Frankford Yellow Jackets (Frankford being a neighborhood located in Northeast Philadelphia); the club disbanded during the 1931 football season, then re-emerged under the same ownership two years later as the Philadelphia Eagles.
The Eagles, Phillies, Flyers and 76ers have each recently had a new stadium built for them.	The Eagles, Phillies, Flyers and 76ers have each recently had new venues built for them.
The Eagles now play at Lincoln Financial Field (informally known as \"The Linc\").	The Eagles currently play at Lincoln Financial Field (informally known as \"The Linc\") which was built in 2003.
The Phillies now play in Citizens Bank Park (a.k.a.	The Phillies now play at Citizens Bank Park (2004).
The Wachovia Spectrum is now home to the Flyers' top farm team, the Phantoms and the Major League Indoor soccer team, the Kixx.	The Wachovia Spectrum is now home to the Flyers' top farm team, the Phantoms (AHL) and the Major Indoor Soccer League team, the Kixx.
