\"See also:\" U.S. cities with teams from four major sports.  "	\"See also:\" U.S. cities with teams from four major sports.
Colleges and universities near Philadelphia include:  The Free Library of Philadelphia  Philadelphia has a long and proud history of professional sports teams.	Colleges and universities near Philadelphia include:  The Free Library of Philadelphia    Philadelphia has a long and proud history of professional sports teams.
The lowest temperature ever recorded was -7 \u00b0 F on January 22 1984, and the highest temperature ever recorded was 104 \u00b0 F on July 3 1966.	The lowest temperature ever recorded was -7\u00b0 F on January 22 1984, and the highest temperature ever recorded was 104\u00b0 F on July 3 1966.
Numerous Korean immigrants have come to the already melting pot of Olney.	umerous Korean immigrants have come to the already melting pot of Olney.
It is funded and operated largely by City resources and employees.	It is funded and operated largely by city resources and employees.
Many of these neighborhoods coincide with the borough and townships that made up Philadelphia County before their absorbtion by the city.	Many of these neighborhoods coincide with the borough and townships that made up Philadelphia County before their absorption by the city.
Philadelphia has ten sister cities, as designated by Sister Cities International, Inc. (SCI): Douala (Cameroon), Florence (Italy), Incheon (South Korea), Nizhni Novgorod (Russia), Tel Aviv (Israel), Tianjin (China), Torun (Poland), Aix-en-Provence (France), Kobe (Japan), and Mosul (Iraq).   "	Philadelphia has ten sister cities, as designated by Sister Cities International, Inc. (SCI): Douala (Cameroon), Florence (Italy), Incheon (South Korea), Nizhni Novgorod (Russia), Tel Aviv (Israel), Tianjin (China), Torun (Poland), Aix-en-Provence (France), Kobe (Japan), and Mosul (Iraq).
Philadelphia has ten sister cities, as designated by Sister Cities International, Inc. (SCI): Douala (Cameroon), Florence (Italy), Incheon (South Korea), Nizhni Novgorod (Russia), Tel Aviv (Israel), Tianjin (China), Torun (Poland), Aix-en-Provence (France), Kobe (Japan), and Mosul (Iraq).	Philadelphia has ten sister cities, as designated by Sister Cities International, Inc. (SCI): Douala (Cameroon), Florence (Italy), Incheon (South Korea), Nizhni Novgorod (Russia), Tel Aviv (Israel), Tianjin (China), Torun (Poland), Aix-en-Provence (France), Kobe (Japan), and Mosul (Iraq).   "
umerous Korean immigrants have come to the already melting pot of Olney.	Numerous Korean immigrants have come to the already melting pot of Olney.
