The city is headed by an elected mayor who is limited to two, four-year terms.	The city is headed by an elected mayor who is limited to two four-year terms.
It was the major center for the independence movement during the American Revolutionary War.	It was a major center for the independence movement during the American Revolutionary War.
"Philadelphia is the fifth largest city in the United States and the largest city in Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia is the fifth-largest city in the United States and the largest city in Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
Philadelphia is one of the oldest cities in the United States (it was first settled by Swedish colonists in 1669, see New Sweden) and has played a crical role in American history and the development of the United States.	Philadelphia is one of the oldest cities in the United States (it was first settled by Swedish colonists in 1669, see New Sweden) and has played a critical role in American history and the development of the United States.
In 1926, the city held the Sesquicentennial Exposition, but Philadelphia was not the central focus of the Bicentennial observances that took place nationwide in the United States in 1976 (New York City held this distinction, as thousands of \"tall ships\" gathered in New York Harbor on July 4, 1976 the 200th anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence).	In 1926, the city held the Sesquicentennial Exposition, but Philadelphia was not the central focus of the Bicentennial observances that took place nationwide in the United States in 1976 (New York City held this distinction, as thousands of \"tall ships\" gathered in New York Harbor on July 4, 1976, the 200th anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence).
"Philadelphia is the fifth-largest city in the United States and the largest city in Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia is the sixth-largest city in the United States and the largest city in Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
"Philadelphia is the sixth-largest city in the United States and the largest city in Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia is the fifth-largest city in the United States and the largest city in Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
During early immigration by Quakers and others when immigrants purchased land in the city, they also received farm land outside of the city.	During early immigration by Quakers and others, when immigrants purchased land in the city, they also received farm land outside of the city.
Penn also required lots of alley ways and open spaces in to hopes of controlling fires and disease (which were then common problems in London).	Penn also required lots of alleyways and open spaces in hopes of controlling fires and disease (which were then common problems in London).
Since then, seven other skyscrapers have been completed exceeding the statue including One Liberty Place's little sister, Two Liberty Place.	Since then, seven other skyscrapers have been completed exceeding the statue, including One Liberty Place's little sister, Two Liberty Place.
\"See also:\" U.S. cities with teams from four major sports.      "	\"See also:\" U.S. cities with teams from four major sports.     "
\"See also:\" U.S. cities with teams from four major sports.     "	\"See also:\" U.S. cities with teams from four major sports.      "
Philadelphia was a planned city founded and developed by William Penn, a Quaker.	Philadelphia is a planned city founded and developed by William Penn, a Quaker.
"Philadelphia (commonly refered to as Philly)is the fifth-largest city in the United States and the largest city in Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia (commonly refered to as Philly) is the fifth-largest city in the United States and the largest city in Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
At that time it eclipsed Boston and New York City in political and social importance, with Boston-born Benjamin Franklin playing an extraordinary role in its rise.	At that time, it eclipsed Boston and New York City in political and social importance, with Boston-born Benjamin Franklin playing an extraordinary role in its rise.
During part of the 18th century the city was the second capital and then-largest city of the United States.	During part of the 18th century, the city was the second capital and then-largest city of the United States.
During part of the 18th century, the city was the second capital and then-largest city of the United States.	During part of the 18th century the city was the second capital and then-largest city of the United States.
Philadelphia is one of the oldest cities in the United States and has played a critical role in American history and the birth of American independence.	Philadelphia is one of the oldest cities in the United States and it played a critical role in American history and the birth of American independence.
For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\"  Philadelphia (often referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-largest city in the United States and the largest city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\"  Philadelphia (often referred to as \"Philly\") is the sixth-largest city in the United States and the largest city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
For a more extensive list of Philadelphia neighborhoods, see \"List of Philadelphia Neighborhoods.	For a more extensive list of Philadelphia neighborhoods, see \"List of Philadelphia neighborhoods.
For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\"  Philadelphia (often referred to as \"Philly\") is the sixth-largest city in the United States and the largest city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (often referred to as \"Philly\") is the sixth-largest city in the United States and the largest city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
During part of the 18th century the city was the second capital and then-largest city of the United States.	During part of the 18th century, the city was the second capital and then-largest city of the United States.
At that time it eclipsed Boston and New York City in political and social importance, with Boston-born Benjamin Franklin playing an extraordinary role in Philadelphia's rise.	At that time, it eclipsed Boston and New York City in political and social importance, with Boston-born Benjamin Franklin playing an extraordinary role in Philadelphia's rise.
For a more extensive list of Philadelphia neighborhoods, see \"List of Philadelphia neighborhoods.	For a more extensive list of Philadelphia neighborhoods, see \"List of Philadelphia neighborhoods\".
For a more extensive list of Philadelphia neighborhoods, see \"List of Philadelphia neighborhoods\".	For a more extensive list of Philadelphia neighborhoods, see List of Philadelphia neighborhoods.
For a more extensive list of Philadelphia neighborhoods, see List of Philadelphia neighborhoods.	For a more extensive list of Philadelphia neighborhoods, see \"List of Philadelphia neighborhoods\".
For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (often referred to as \"Philly\") is the sixth-largest city in the United States and the largest city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\"  Philadelphia (often referred to as \"Philly\") is the sixth-largest city in the United States and the largest city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\"  Philadelphia (often referred to as \"Philly\") is the sixth-largest city in the United States and the largest city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (often referred to as \"Philly\") is the sixth-largest city in the United States and the largest city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
For a more extensive list of Philadelphia neighborhoods, see \"List of Philadelphia neighborhoods\".	For a more extensive list of Philadelphia neighborhoods, see List of Philadelphia neighborhoods.
As of the 2000 census, the population was 1,517,550; a July 1, 2002 Census estimate showed the population dropping modestly to 1,492,231.	As of the 2000 census, the population was 1,517,550; a July 1, 2002 census estimate showed the population dropping modestly to 1,492,231.
In 1669, Swedish colonists became to the first Europeans to settle the area (see New Sweden).	In 1669, Swedish colonists became the first Europeans to settle the area (see New Sweden).
In 1700 the group built the Gloria Dei Church, also known as \"Old Swedes\"'.	In 1700, the group built the Gloria Dei Church, also known as \"Old Swedes\"'.
Penn hoped that the city, as the capital of his new colony founded on principles of freedom and religious tolerance, would be a model of his philosophy.	Penn hoped that the city, as the capital of his new colony founded on principles of freedom and religious tolerance, would be a model of this philosophy.
For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (often referred to as \"Philly\") is the sixth-most-populous city in the United States and the most-populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (often referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-most-populous city in the United States and the most-populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
The east-west streets, many of them named for trees, e.g., Chestnut, Walnut, Locust, and Spruce (These are laid out in inceasing Hardness from the Soft-wood Pine in the South to the Hard-wood Chestnut in the North) parallel the main thoroughfare named High Street by Penn, but called Market Street since at least the early 18th century (six blocks south of the latter is South Street, noted in recent decades for its raucous night life and the subject of the 1963 hit single by The Orlons of the same name).	The east-west streets, many of them named for trees, e.g., Chestnut, Walnut, Locust, and Spruce (These are laid out in increasing Hardness from the Soft-wood Pine in the South to the Hard-wood Chestnut in the North) parallel the main thoroughfare named High Street by Penn, but called Market Street since at least the early 18th century (six blocks south of the latter is South Street, noted in recent decades for its raucous night life and the subject of the 1963 hit single by The Orlons of the same name).
For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\" Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\"  Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\"  Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	For other uses, see Philadelphia (disambiguation)\"   Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
PATCO provides subways service to Camden, Collingswood, Haddonfield, Cherry Hill, Ashland, and Lindenwold, New Jersey, from stations on Locust Street between 16th and 15th, 13th and 12th, and 10th and 9th Streets, and on Market Street at 8th Street.	PATCO provides subway service to Camden, Collingswood, Haddonfield, Cherry Hill, Ashland, and Lindenwold, New Jersey, from stations on Locust Street between 16th and 15th, 13th and 12th, and 10th and 9th Streets, and on Market Street at 8th Street.
It has played a critical role in American history and the birth of American independence and democracy.	It has played a chritical role in American history and the birth of American independence and democracy.
It has played a chritical role in American history and the birth of American independence and democracy.	It has played a critical role in American history and the birth of American independence and democracy.
"\"This article refers to the most-populous city of Pennsylvania.	!\"This article refers to the most-populous city of Pennsylvania.
!\"This article refers to the most-populous city of Pennsylvania.	"\"This article refers to the most-populous city of Pennsylvania.
Downtown is known \"Center City.\"  The city limits have been coterminous with Philadelphia County since 1854.	Downtown is known as \"Center City.\"  The city limits have been coterminous with Philadelphia County since 1854.
The current council president is Ann C. Verna.	The current council president is Anna C. Verna.
The following railroads, almost all radiating from downtown, were built in the mid-19th century:  Distinctive Philadelphian dishes include:  Philadelphia has a large Italian American population along with Irish-Americans, Asian-Americans, African Americans, and growing numbers of Hispanic residents and \u00e9migr\u00e9s from Russia and Asian countries.	The following railroads, almost all radiating from downtown, were built in the mid-19th century:     Distinctive Philadelphian dishes include:  Philadelphia has a large Italian American population along with Irish-Americans, Asian-Americans, African Americans, and growing numbers of Hispanic residents and \u00e9migr\u00e9s from Russia and Asian countries.
The following railroads, almost all radiating from downtown, were built in the mid-19th century:     Distinctive Philadelphian dishes include:  Philadelphia has a large Italian American population along with Irish-Americans, Asian-Americans, African Americans, and growing numbers of Hispanic residents and \u00e9migr\u00e9s from Russia and Asian countries.	The following railroads, almost all radiating from downtown, were built in the mid-19th century:  Distinctive Philadelphian dishes include:  Philadelphia has a large Italian American population along with Irish-Americans, Asian-Americans, African Americans, and growing numbers of Hispanic residents and \u00e9migr\u00e9s from Russia and Asian countries.
\"For a list of famous past and present resident of Philadelphia, see: List of people from Philadelphia\".	For a list of famous past and present resident of Philadelphia, see: \"List of people from Philadelphia\".
"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\") is the fifth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\") is the sixth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
The Woodhaven Expressway, serving the neighborhood Northeast Philadelphia, runs between Interstate 95 and Roosevelt Boulevard (US 1).	The Woodhaven Expressway, serving the neighborhood of Northeast Philadelphia, runs between Interstate 95 and Roosevelt Boulevard (US 1).
Interstate 676, or the Vine Street Expressway, was completed in 1991 after years of planning as a link between I-95 and I-76.	Interstate 676, the Vine Street Expressway, was completed in 1991 after years of planning as a link between I-95 and I-76.
"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the sixth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the fifth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
The Philadelphia metropolitan area is the fourth largest nationally, with some 5.7 million people.	The Philadelphia metropolitan area is the fifth largest nationally, with some 5.7 million people.
The Philadelphia metropolitan area is the fifth largest nationally, with some 5.7 million people.	The Philadelphia metropolitan area is the fourth largest nationally, with some 5.7 million people.
The city is also served by Interstate 76 (the Schuylkill Expressway) which runs along the Schuylkill River.	The city is also served by Interstate 76 (the Schuylkill Expressway), which runs along the Schuylkill River.
A July 1, 2002 census estimate showed the population dropping modestly to 1,492,231, with Phoenix, Arizona surpassing the city proper as the 5th largest city in the United States, however, later estimates showed that Philadelphia's population loss and Phoenix's population growth had both slowed, leaving the rankings unchained for the present.	A July 1, 2002 census estimate showed the population dropping modestly to 1,492,231, with Phoenix, Arizona surpassing the city proper as the 5th largest city in the United States, however, later estimates showed that Philadelphia's population loss and Phoenix's population growth had both slowed, leaving the rankings unchanged for the present.
<br clear=all>  Before Europeans arrived, the Delaware (Lenape) Indian town of Shackamaxon was located where Philadelphia now stands.	<br clear=all> Before Europeans arrived, the Delaware (Lenape) Indian town of Shackamaxon was located where Philadelphia now stands.
"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the fifth-most-populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the fifth most populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
During part of the 18th century, the city was the second capital and then-most-populous city of the United States.	During part of the 18th century, the city was the second capital and then-most populous city of the United States.
These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Wynnefield,Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.	These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.
In 1700, the group built the Gloria Dei Church, also known as \"Old Swedes\"'.	In 1700, the group built the Gloria Dei Church, also known as \"Old Swedes\".
In 2005, Philadelphia became the largst city in the United States without a modern rock-format radio station.	In 2005, Philadelphia became the largest city in the United States without a modern rock-format radio station.
Interstate 95 runs through the city along the Delaware River, providing transportation from Florida to Maine.	Interstate 96 runs through the city along the Delaware River, providing transportation from Florida to Maine.
Interstate 96 runs through the city along the Delaware River, providing transportation from Florida to Maine.	Interstate 95 runs through the city along the Delaware River, providing transportation from Florida to Maine.
WXPY 100.3FM had formerly provided this service, but its format was changed to meet the demands of its owner's national agenda.	WPLY 100.3FM had formerly provided this service, but its format was changed to meet the demands of its owner's national agenda.
The stretch of 476 between 95 and the toll portion of 476 (running North from the Mid-County Interchange at Plymouth Meeting) is referred to locally \"The Blue Route,\" because regional planners drew a blue line right through Montgomery and Delaware Counties to suggest where a road ought to be built.	The stretch of 476 between 95 and the toll portion of 476 (running North from the Mid-County Interchange at Plymouth Meeting) is referred to locally as \"The Blue Route,\" because regional planners drew a blue line right through Montgomery and Delaware Counties to suggest where a road ought to be built.
Many of these neighborhoods coninside with the borough and townships that made up Philadelphia County before their absorbation by the city.	Many of these neighborhoods coincide with the borough and townships that made up Philadelphia County before their absorbation by the city.
Many of these neighborhoods coincide with the borough and townships that made up Philadelphia County before their absorbation by the city.	Many of these neighborhoods coincide with the borough and townships that made up Philadelphia County before their absorbtion by the city.
These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Oxford Circle, Feltonville, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, [Mayfair]], Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.	These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Oxford Circle, Feltonville, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Mayfair, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.
Philadelphia has been home to many people of note, the most famous of whom is probably Ben Franklin, who along with the others in the Continental Congresses helped shape the city along with the country and the world.	Philadelphia has been home to many people of a note, the most famous of whom is probably Ben Franklin, who along with the others in the Continental Congresses helped shape the city along with the country and the world.
Philadelphia has been home to many people of a note, the most famous of whom is probably Ben Franklin, who along with the others in the Continental Congresses helped shape the city along with the country and the world.	Philadelphia has been home to many people of note, the most famous of whom is probably Ben Franklin, who along with the others in the Continental Congresses helped shape the city along with the country and the world.
WXPN sponsors a music festival each summer, and they now broadcast worldwide via their website: www.xpn.org.	WXPN sponsors a music festival each summer, and they now broadcast worldwide via their website: [www.xpn.org].
See also:\"Philadelphia in film and television\"  "	See also:\"Philadelphia in film and television\""
See also:\"Philadelphia in film and television\""	See also:\"Philadelphia in film and television\"  "
In 1876 Philadelphia hosted the World's Fair known as the Centennial Exposition.	In 1876 Philadelphia hosted the World's Fair, known as the Centennial Exposition.
He also planned five public parks, one at the intersection of High and Broad Streets in the very center of the city (now occupied by City Hall) and four others (now called Washington Square (Philadelphia), Rittenhouse Square, Logan Square and Franklin Square) surrounding it.	Holme also planned five public parks, one at the intersection of High and Broad Streets in the very center of the city (now occupied by City Hall) and four others (now called Washington Square (Philadelphia), Rittenhouse Square, Logan Square and Franklin Square) surrounding it.
However in March of 1987, One Liberty Place broke the gentlemen's agreement not to exceed the height of the statue of William Penn on the top of the City Hall.	However, in March of 1987, One Liberty Place broke the gentlemen's agreement not to exceed the height of the statue of William Penn on the top of the City Hall.
Center City is broken up into a number of neighborhoods and districts as well, including Penn's Landing, Old City (which includes the historic district and a number of bars and restaurants), Northern Liberties (which houses a number of art galleries), Society Hill, Washington Square, Market-East, Chinatown, Logan Square (the museum disctict), Rittenhouse, and the Avenue of the Arts (South Broad Street).	Center City is broken up into a number of neighborhoods and districts as well, including Penn's Landing, Old City (which includes the historic district and a number of bars and restaurants), Northern Liberties (which houses a number of art galleries), Society Hill, Washington Square, Market-East, Chinatown, Logan Square (the museum district), Rittenhouse, and the Avenue of the Arts (South Broad Street).
The city is also served by Interstate 76 (the Schuylkill Expressway), which runs along the Schuylkill River.	The city is also served by Interstate 76, the Schuylkill Expressway, which runs along the Schuylkill River.
Roosevelt Boulevard and the Roosevelt Expressway (US 1) connects Northeast Philadelphia with Center City.	Roosevelt Boulevard and the Roosevelt Expressway (US 1) connect Northeast Philadelphia with Center City.
Today Philadelphia serves as a major rail transportation hub for the the nationalized Amtrak system, with 30th Street Station serving as it's main station.	Today Philadelphia serves as a major rail transportation hub for the the nationalized Amtrak system, with 30th Street Station serving as its main station.
Since 1922, SportsRadio 610 WIP has consistently been one of the highest rated sports radio stations in the country.	Since 1987, SportsRadio 610 WIP has consistently been one of the highest rated sports radio stations in the country.
These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Brewerytown Oxford Circle, Feltonville, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Mayfair, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.	These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Brewerytown, Oxford Circle, Feltonville, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Mayfair, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.
"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the fifth city in the United Statesafter Houston, Texas, and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.	"Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as \"Philly\" or \"the City of Brotherly Love\") is the fifth city in the United Statesafter Houston Texas, and the most populous city in the state of Pennsylvania, occupying all of Philadelphia County.
For a list of famous past and present resident of Philadelphia, see: \"List of people from Philadelphia\".	For a list of famous past and present residents of Philadelphia, see: \"List of people from Philadelphia\".
Colleges and universities near Philadelphia include  The Free Library of Philadelphia  Philadelphia has a long and proud history of professional sports teams.	Colleges and universities near Philadelphia include:  The Free Library of Philadelphia  Philadelphia has a long and proud history of professional sports teams.
Philadelphia has long been and Black and White city.	Philadelphia has long been a Black and White city.
Many Subsharhan African and West Indians from the Domincan Republic, Hati, and Jamaica have also come to Philadelphia.	Many Subsaharan Africans and West Indians from the Domincan Republic, Haiti, and Jamaica have also come to Philadelphia.
\"See also:\" U.S. cities with teams from four major sports.	\"See also:\" U.S. cities with teams from four major sports. "
The \"Italian Market\" section of South Philadelphia is home to an increasing number of Vietnamese residents.	The \"Italian market\" section of South Philadelphia is home to an increasing number of Vietnamese residents.
These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Brewerytown, Oxford Circle, Feltonville, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Mayfair, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.	These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Olde City, Bustleton, Brewerytown, Oxford Circle, Feltonville, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Mayfair, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.
The Asian community has long been established in the city's bustling Chinatown district, but recent Vietnamese immigrants have also forged neighborhood and bazaar alongside the venerable Italian Market.	The Asian community has long been established in the city's bustling Chinatown district, but recent Vietnamese immigrants have also forged neighborhood and bazaar alongside the venerable Italian market.
The two companies also operated separate competing commuter rail systems in the Philadelphia area, know collectively as the Regional Rail system.	The two companies also operated separate competing commuter rail systems in the Philadelphia area, known collectively as the Regional Rail system.
The two systems today, for the most part still intact, now operate as one whole systems under the control of SEPTA, the regional transit authority.	The two systems today, for the most part still intact, now operate as one whole system under the control of SEPTA, the regional transit authority.
30th Street Station currently is the 3rd busiest station it terms of passengers in the Amtrak system.	30th Street Station currently is the 3rd busiest station in terms of passengers in the Amtrak system.
These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Olde City, Bustleton, Brewerytown, Oxford Circle, Feltonville, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Mayfair, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.	These include Andorra, Roxborough, Northern Liberties, Old City, Bustleton, Brewerytown, Oxford Circle, Feltonville, Somerton, Manayunk, Center City, Queen Village, Kensington, Frankford, University City, Strawberry Mansion, Chestnut Hill, Fishtown, Port Richmond, Germantown, Mount Airy, Mayfair, Wynnefield, Chinatown, Fox Chase, South Philly, Society Hill, the Museum District and many others.
Today Philadelphia serves as a major rail transportation hub for the the nationalized Amtrak system, with 30th Street Station serving as its main station.	Today Philadelphia serves as a major rail transportation hub for the nationalized Amtrak system, with 30th Street Station serving as its main station.
The Philadelphia metropolitan area is the sixth largest nationally, with some 6.2 million people.	The Philadelphia metrobolitan area is the sixth largest nationally, with some 6.2 million people.
The Philadelphia metrobolitan area is the sixth largest nationally, with some 6.2 million people.	The Philadelphia metropolitan area is the sixth largest nationally, with some 6.2 million people.
The ethnic makeup of the city is 43.2% Black, 13.6% Irish, 9.2% Italian, 8.1% Puerto Rican, 6.4% German, and 4.3% Polish.	The ethnic makeup of the city is 32.5% Black, 13.6% Irish, 9.2% Italian, 8.1% Puerto Rican, 6.4% German, and 4.3% Polish.
\"See also:\" U.S. cities with teams from four major sports. "	\"See also:\" U.S. cities with teams from four major sports.  "
